# CS230-Project-Repository
The client from The Gaming Room aimed to develop an application encompassing a web-based platform for teams to submit their answers based on visual cues. Initially conceived for Android, they envisioned expanding accessibility by transitioning to a web application. Inspired by the 1980s game "Win, Lose, or Draw," the client endeavored to craft the app within budget constraints. 
For this project I believe that I did particularly well with my recommendations. When developing the code, it was helpful for me to understand how they wanted to expand the project so that I could keep that in mind while writing.  If I could go back and redo a portion of this assignment again, I would like to revisit the pro/con or advantages and disadvantages section of this assignment. I think I could have done better and gone into more detail for all of it. 
When addressing the users’ needs for the project it was important to keep their plans in mind so that if things were changed in the project, then as little as possible would have to be altered code-wise to keep the project moving. I believe the worse thing for a project would be to have to continue to redevelop the same section of code repeatedly, because it either wasn’t done right the first time or it was not open for expansion. The code for this project initially took me a while to complete as I was not sure what I was supposed to do based on the instruction, but the SNHU discord and reddit pages help clear a lot of my misunderstanding up. If I were to design a similar application in the future I think I would strategize using the UML diagram as I found it to be quite helpful when it came time to write everything out.
